Update private connectivty testing steps to include API keys (#3521)
temporalio/documentation: docs/evaluate/temporal-cloud/aws-privatelink.mdx

  ```

- Temporal SDKs, by setting the endpoint server address argument to the PrivateLink endpoint (`<DNS associated with VPC endpoint>:7233`) and using the TLS configuration options to override the TLS server name.

> When using [API keys for namespace authentication](/cloud/api-keys#namespace-authentication), the TLS server name must be set to the Namespace's gRPC endpoint (`<region>.<cloud_provider>.api.temporal.io`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using [API keys for namespace authentication](/cloud/api-keys#namespace-authentication), the TLS server name must be set to the Namespace's gRPC endpoint (`<region>.<cloud_provider>.api.temporal.io`) using one of the following methods:
```

- The Temporal CLI, using `--tls-server-name` parameter to override the TLS server name and the `--tls` flag to enforce the use of TLS. For example:

  ```
  temporal workflow count \
      --address <DNS associated with VPC endpoint>:7233 \
      --namespace <namespace>.<account> \
      --api-key <api_key> \
      --tls-server-name <region>.<cloud_provider>.api.temporal.io \
      --tls
  ```

> - Non-Temporal tools like grpcURL, setting the `authorization` and `temporal-namespace` headers, and the `-servername` parameter to override the TLS server name. Forexample:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Non-Temporal tools like grpcURL, setting the `authorization` and `temporal-namespace` headers, and the `-servername` parameter to override the TLS server name. For example:
```
